# Simple-Shellshell support the following commands:    The internal shell command "exit" which terminates the shell            Concepts: shell commands, exiting the shell.                System calls: exit()                          1-  A command with no arguments          Example: ls, cp, rm …etc                Concepts: Forking a child process, waiting for it to complete and synchronous execution.                System calls: fork(), execvp(), exit(), waitpid()                          2- A command with arguments        Example: ls –l                Details: Argument 0 is the name of the command.                Concepts: Command-line parameters.                   3- A command, with or without arguments, executed in the background using &.        Example: firefox &                Details: In this case,  shell execute the command and return immediately, not blocking until the command finishes.                Concepts: Background execution, signals, signal handlers, processes and asynchronous execution.                    Shell builtin commands        4- Commands: cd & echo        Details: for the case of:            cd: Cover all the following cases (assume no spaces in path):                            cd                                cd ~                                cd ..                                cd absolute_path                                cd relative_path_to_current_working_directory                            echo: Prints the input after evaluating all expressions (assume input to echo must be within double quotations).                            echo "wow" => wow                                export x=5                                echo "Hello $x" => Hello 5                                   5- Expression evaluation        Commands: export                Details: Set values to variables and print variables values. No mathematical operations is needed.                Export Details: Accept input of two forms, either a string without spaces, or a full string inside double quotations.                Example:            export x=-l                        ls $x => Will perform ls -l                        export y="Hello world"                        echo "$y" => Hello world